PYTHON
======

Installing Python (Windows)

1 Download Python for Windows systems. 
  
  The Windows Python interpreter can be downloaded for free from the Python website. 
  Make sure to download the correct version for your operating system.
  
  You should download the latest version available, which was 3.4 at the time of this writing.
  
  OS X and Linux come with Python already installed. You will not need to install any Python-related software, 
  but you may want to install a text editor. Most Linux distributions and OS X versions still use Python 2.X. 
  There are a few minor differences between 2 & 3, most notably the changes to the "print" statement. 
  If you want to install a newer version of Python on OS X or Linux, you can download the files from the Python website.
  
2 Install the Python interpreter. 

  Most users can install the interpreter without changing any settings. 
  You can integrate Python into the Command Prompt by enabling the last option in the list of available modules.
  
3 Install a text editor. 

  While you can create Python programs in Notepad or TextEdit, 
  you will find it much eazsier to read and write the code using a specialized text editor. 
  There are a variety of free editors to choose from such as Notepad++ (Windows), TextWrangler (Mac), 
  or JEdit (Any system).  
  
4 Test your installation. 

  Open Command Prompt (Windows) of your Terminal (Mac/Linux) and type python. 
  Python will load and the version number will be displayed. You will be taken to the Python interpreter command prompt, 
  shown as >>>. Type print("Hello, World!") and press ⌅ Enter. You should see the text Hello, World! 
  displayed beneath the Python command line.  

5 Run the program. 

  Open your Command Prompt or Terminal and navigate to the location where you saved your file. 
  Once you are there, run the file by typing hello.py and pressing ⌅ Enter. 
  You should see the text Hello, World! displayed beneath the command prompt.
  Depending on how you installed Python, you may need to type python hello.py to run the program.
